>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>It felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to our second edition
of "Beyond Belief."
And I say second edition
because in our first,
with our very special guest,
we dealt a lot with chemtrails
and how it affects us.
What we're going to be
talking about in this show
is how you can fight
back personally,
and what else is out
there in this atmosphere
that we can use, that we can
tap into with our special guest.
How did Sharon
Schloss get involved
in looking at things that
are going on in the climate,
in the atmosphere, which we
call anti-geoengineering.
How did you get involved?
You're an author, you're a
writer, you're a musician.
>>SHARON SCHLOSS:
I am a musician.
>>NOORY: But how did
you end up doing this?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, yes.
This is interesting.
I grew up doing music
and art my whole life.
I have an art degree.
I play music.
I tour doing music.
And I just had all
these health issues,
these inexplicable
health issues.
And I was able to tie it to the
spraying going on in the sky.
Finally figured out,
because I didn't realize,
that this was unnatural.
I didn't even notice
it for so long.
And then I noticed that
things had changed.
You know, and I've always
enjoyed clouds and rain,
and I love nature.
I love the sky.
>>NOORY: You go out a lot.
>>SCHLOSS: I do.
I love hiking.
I love bicycling.
I'm a very outdoorsy
kind of person.
And I had noticed some
things going awry.
We weren't getting any rain
for a long time in California.
There have been a lot of
problems in the climate.
And I've also always been very
environmentally conscious.
As young as seventh grade,
I was an environmentalist.
I mean, I was trying to rile
people up and get people
involved, and get
people to recycle
before anybody was doing it.
I was very concerned
about the rain forest.
I was very concerned about
many environmental issues
and start writing letters
to the representatives.
So it's always been in me.
I love the earth so much.
When I learned about
geoengineering,
it was such a difficult
truth to accept, and painful,
and thinking about how many
people are suffering from it,
and how the environment
of suffering.
Animals, plants,
forests are dying.
It seemed like the
environmental issue of all time
that we needed to deal
with, because it's global.
It's huge.
Every environmental
issue is very important.
The rain forest being
destroyed is very important.
We have this issue of
geoengineering, which is not
even localized to one
place, but the entire planet
is suffering from it.
So it's something
that needs to stop.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Where did you go for
sources and resources
when you want to start
investigating this?
Because there aren't a
lot of places you can go.
>>SCHLOSS: Well, I learned a lot
from geoengineeringwatch.org,
Dane Wigington, who
is a climate expert.
And a couple of great
documentary films
that turned me on to
the issue that I think
would be great for your
viewers to check out
would be "What in the
World Are They Spraying?"
and "Why in the World
Are They Spraying?"
These are films
by Michael Murphy,
and they have a lot of
experts, a lot of scientists
that speak about it, USDA
scientists and people
in the medical profession.
Rosalind Peterson is another
great source for information.
She has an organization
called the Agriculture Defense
Coalition, and also she
runs California Sky Watch.
And she used to work for the
USDA as a crop loss adjuster.
So she would go out and research
why are crops failing in areas.
And starting in 2002,
she was able to tie
this to geoengineering, and
she's done extensive research.
Clifford Carnicom come,
The Carnicom Institute,
is a great resource for
understanding the pathogens
and these mixes that
they're spraying.
He has data from the late
'90s till the present.
So there are many scientists
that are doing this.
And the info can be found.
>>NOORY: How has the sky
changed since we were kids?
I mean, when I go back- I mean
that's a long, long time ago--
the atmosphere was
pretty darn clear.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah, it used
to be a lot different.
>>NOORY: When do you
think this started?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, climate
engineering, geoengineering,
has been going on in
experimental phases
since the end of World War II.
But what's going on
in the last few years,
especially since
the late '90s, is
dramatically different
than anything we've seen.
So there has been some spraying
in the past and experiments.
But since the late
'90s up until now,
we have this on just
a massive scale.
It's no longer experimental.
Weather modification is
a full-blown operation.
So we used to see occasional
contrails, little short trails
that would dissipate
of jet exhaust.
But now we see these
lingering chemtrails.
It just sticks.
You know, you've
got grid spraying,
and the sky gets hazy and murky.
And our beautiful blue
skies seem to be going away.
We don't have the beautiful
rain clouds we used to have.
We are bringing them back.
We are restoring things.
But geoengineering
destroys rain clouds.
It destroys blue sky.
It creates just a
murky white flat sky.
>>NOORY: For every
one person, Sharon,
that is trying to better the
atmosphere for all of us,
how many are trying to
destroy it, or destroy us,
I should say?
>>SCHLOSS: You know what?
I think it's very few who
are trying to destroy it.
I just think they
have great resources.
I would say that there
are billions of us that
want clean air and want a
beautiful world to live in,
and a future for the children.
There are very few people
that want to destroy it.
These are psychopaths
we're talking about.
They have no empathy and they
can't understand what they do.
And that's only 4% of
the population at most.
I mean, most people
want it to be nice.
And if they had the
opportunity, they
would do what they
could to undo this,
although most people
feel helpless.
>>NOORY: Many years ago,
Nikola Tesla, a genius,
found out that we could get
free energy from the atmosphere.
We could literally pull
it down and use it.
Problem is, his investors
said, how are we
going to make money doing this?
It's free energy.
What they should
have realized was
that the machines to suck in the
energy, they could have sold.
And they could
have made billions
selling the machines while
people were using free energy.
Every home would
have had a unit.
Every business would
They didn't have the
vision to see that,
so they stopped funding Tesla.
And there is his died.
But you've looked at other
things too, like orgon energy.
Explain what that is.
>>SCHLOSS: Orgon energy was
discovered by Wilhelm Reich.
And he was an Austrian
psychoanalyst.
And he got into this
because he discovered
a bioelectrical charge
in his patients,
and was able to measure this.
So this happened in
the 1930s that he
was able to measure the
bioelectrical charge
with a sensitive
millivolt reader.
And he discovered that this
energy, which was measurable,
was what ancient cultures
had called chi or prana.
It was life energy.
And now science as able to
validate that yes, there
is an energy, an
electricity of the body.
And it's free.
It's part of us.
So he thought,
this is beneficial.
We can use this in
a beneficial way.
How do we collect this energy?
How do we use it to
benefit humanity?
So he was able to use
it to treat cancer
and in drought abatement.
>>NOORY: And what
happened to him?
>>SCHLOSS: He got put in jail.
The United States
government put him in jail.
They destroyed his laboratory.
They burned his books.
And if it weren't for the
German copies of his books,
we wouldn't have his work today.
Those were translated,
I think, in the 1970s.
So we do have access to it.
He was going to be
released in 1957,
and he died in jail
two weeks before he
was scheduled to be released.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>SCHLOSS: This is
what happens to anybody
working in free energy.
It's a very field.
>>NOORY: What did they
put him in jail for?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, it was
a minor labeling issue.
The FDA just found a little
minor labeling issue,
and they called him to
court and he didn't show up.
>>NOORY: Well,
like so many people
who get in trouble
with the FDA today,
say that this cures this.
And that's a no no.
So what you have to
say is, we believe
that this will help you.
But you don't say cure.
Cure's a bad word with the FDA.
>>SCHLOSS: Well, he was
in the experimental phases
at this point.
The reason he was put
in jail is because what
he was doing was
so beneficial, it
would make a lot of the
pharmaceutical industry
obsolete.
And he was working with
free energy, something
that we could all use.
And also, interestingly,
since weather modification
had already been
going on at that time,
he had documented
chemtrail spraying
over his facility, Orgonon.
And this is in a
very rare book of his
called "Contact with Space."
They had already
been doing this.
And it's very, very possible,
since they're so far ahead
technologically-- we don't even
know what level of technology
our government has--that they
already knew that this energy
was incompatible with the
geoengineering programs,
which it absolutely is.
His energy just makes the
engineering fall apart.
>>NOORY: Is orgone and
orgonite one and the same?
>>SCHLOSS: Orgonite are
these devices that I make.
>>NOORY: Let's see
what we have here.
>>SCHLOSS: This is
an orgonite device.
And it's very small.
Something like this is just
good for a room, you know.
This is nice in your home.
>>NOORY: What's this made with?
>>SCHLOSS: This is
made with resin.
And so inside there
we have-- this one
has a smoky quartz crystal.
>>NOORY: Looks like a
little spring in there.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah.
And that's a Tesla coil.
It's a copper coil.
>>NOORY: You made this?
>>SCHLOSS: I made that.
And I make those.
And I have others, too.
This is more a
rough version of it.
>>NOORY: Can you explain
what the top of this is?
>>SCHLOSS: That's brass.
So it uses metal shavings.
So orgonite is a device
which uses orgone energy.
So when Wilhelm Reich
discovered this,
he used alternating
layers of wood and metal
to create an orgone accumulator.
And he found that the
alternating layers
of organic and inorganic
material in a box
would collect orgone,
just collected out
of the atmosphere.
So what these do is they use the
resin and the metal, primarily.
And the crystal and the coil
only just help it work better.
And it produces orgone.
So in this case, the crystal
contains orgone energy.
It contains scalar energy.
That's the same thing.
And when compressed in a resin,
that amplifies that energy,
and the metals and the
coil broadcast it out.
>>NOORY: So what do you do?
Just like keep it in your house?
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah.
I like to have it next
to my bed when I sleep.
Because what this does is--
>>NOORY: Just on the table.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah.
And what it does is, it
creates a scalar wave vortex,
and the more of it you have,
the stronger this field is.
And it neutralizes harmful
EMF, and it removes toxins
from the air.
>>NOORY: Like a filter.
>>SCHLOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: What else is this?
Looks like somebody's
finger that was chopped off.
>>SCHLOSS: This is a very
simple and small obelisk
which also uses orgone energy.
>>NOORY: Same principle?
>>SCHLOSS: Yes.
And this was developed by
this guy in Switzerland.
And his name is Ea.
That's his short name.
And you can go to my
website to link to his.
And so this is a simple
device anyone can make,
and it doesn't use resin so
it's easier for some people.
>>NOORY: It's
wrapped up with wire.
I see the wire here.
>>SCHLOSS: It's the same
materials without resin.
Yep.
It uses gold leaf.
So it's 23 karat gold
that I wrapped around it.
Silver, copper, iron,
and aluminum wires.
And this is the same thing.
It cleans the sky.
It's a sky cleaner, an
atmospheric cleaner.
There are a lot of
great videos online
where you can see what it does.
He has a whole lot of
them, and I have some too.
When the sun hits it,
it works even better.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
And you just keep it around?
>>SCHLOSS: I keep them around.
I keep tons of them around.
And these ones, these are
what we call tower busters,
developed by John Croft,
and Carol Croft, his wife.
They started distributing these
simple, cheap orgonite devices
in the year 2000, around then.
And they probably,
at this point,
distributed hundreds
of thousands of them.
They go on huge
expeditions and missions.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>SCHLOSS: And so when
you have a ton of them--
and in LA, we've
thrown hundreds of them
around-- when you
have a lot of these,
you see weather changes,
dramatic weather changes.
>>NOORY: They have that impact.
>>SCHLOSS: They do,
but it definitely
needs a large quantity.
And as we talked about
in the last show,
I mentioned weather modification
with negative ionization.
So not all weather
modification needs chemicals
through the process of
negative ionization.
Simply working with the
electrical properties
of the atmosphere,
some companies
have been able to clean
air and produce rain.
And this uses the same
type of technology.
But this is something
anyone can make.
>>NOORY: The orgonite, how
does it remove these toxins
from the atmosphere?
>>SCHLOSS: So it creates
a vortex of energy.
It's called scalar wave vortex.
There's an electrical
engineer, Ken Rohla,
who talks about this a lot.
And I put a couple
of these videos
on my site, thechembow.com.
So what it does is it creates
this vortex of energy that
removes toxins from
the air and puts out
clean air through a
process of transmutation.
So we have changing of energy.
So it removes toxins.
It takes the positive
ions and the toxins out.
It puts out negative
ions and clean air.
>>NOORY: You can't
see this, right?
>>SCHLOSS: Some people
can, but you have
to be very energy sensitive.
I've put four of these at the
corners of the home of somebody
who is a psychic, who
is energy sensitive.
I am not.
But she said she
could see spirals,
because that's the shape.
But I do have pictures of
the spirals of the pollution
spiraling down.
When you see spirals of
it, it's because it's
being transmitted by
orgone energy, which
is also naturally occurring.
Crystals contain it.
Mountains produce it as
well, mountain ranges.
Since I've been
here in Colorado,
I've seen some great
lenticular clouds.
Lenticular clouds are produced
over mountain ranges because
of the scalar field put
out by the mountain.
And we actually had lenticular
clouds form over our house.
While we were
living in Hollywood
in the flats, no
mountains, we have them
over our house because
the orgone energy,
in the amount we had m creates
the same field as a mountain.
So it's wonderful
because it gathers
toxins up and just collects
them and puts out clean air.
That's one thing it does.
The other thing it does is it
neutralizes EMF frequencies.
So your cell phone
will still work,
your Wi-Fi will still work.
But this energy that comes
out these devices is chaotic.
It's incompatible with our
body's electrical system.
And the orgonite
just transforms it
into parallel lines that move
through your body quietly.
So you don't have the
same agitating effect,
and it's healthier and safer.
>>NOORY: What is the
orgonite made of?
>>SCHLOSS: It's made of resin,
crystal, metal shavings,
and copper coil.
It's that simple.
>>NOORY: And these
are all natural.
You can pick it up anywhere.
How do you make it?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, the only thing
that's unnatural is the resin.
And the resin, that's
a little toxic,
and that's why we have
this obelisk for-- this
is great for people who don't
want to work with resin.
Some people use beeswax.
There are other
materials you can use.
But I use resin.
It is toxic.
I recommend you're
in a well- ventilated
area when you make these.
>>NOORY: Is it easy to make?
People can do it?
>>SCHLOSS: It is easy to make.
Simple, organized, easy.
I make some fancy pieces
that are very decorative.
They're harder to make it.
You have to layer the resin.
But these simple devices
are very easy to make.
You just get a mold.
You can get silicon
molds where you
don't need any releasing agent.
You put in a coil and a crystal,
and the crystal can be rough.
It could be small,
and it could be cheap.
You can even use white quartz
that you just find on a beach
or out in nature.
And then you mix
and pour the resin
according to the
instructions on the resin.
You can even use bondo.
You can even use brillo
pads for your metal.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SCHLOSS: All it needs is those
elements to produce the energy.
>>NOORY: You are a booster
in vitamins and supplements
to try to combat what's
happening out there
in the atmosphere.
>>SCHLOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Tell me
how you use that.
>>SCHLOSS: Yes.
Because we have to
first clean the air,
but we have to clean ourselves.
We need to heal
ourselves from this.
So there are
different vitamins I
take that will block
heavy metals in the body.
And there are
supplements, herbs that I
use to chelate heavy
metals out of the body.
So the main constituents
of chemtrails
are aluminum, barium,
and strontium.
And so if you take
magnesium, you're
able to block the aluminum
from integrating with your body
because they're
molecularly similar.
So we need to make
sure that we're
getting plenty of magnesium.
I take supplements for that.
And also, strontium is easily
uptaken into the bones.
So you need to have
adequate calcium, which
is also similar to strontium.
So if you have adequate
calcium intake--
I take a supplement
for that too-- you
will be able to prevent
the strontium from being
taken into your bones.
And barium is tricky
one, because this
depletes the body's potassium.
>>NOORY: And that's
in the spraying a lot.
>>SCHLOSS: It is
a lot of barium.
And it'll make you feel
exhausted and depleted,
because it inactivates the
potassium in your body.
I have not been able to find an
adequate potassium supplement.
However, I eat foods rich
in potassium, and especially
on spray days.
Bananas, coconuts, potatoes.
And coconut water, actually,
is a wonderful source
of potassium and magnesium.
And I'll drink coconuts.
On spray days I'll
go to town with it.
I'll drink a lot
of coconut water
and I'll use chelating herbs.
Cilantro is delicious.
You can use it on everything.
And it removes heavy metals.
>>NOORY: They're like
little filters, aren't they?
>>SCHLOSS: They are.
And it's not just the
geoengineering stuff.
It takes out lead
and mercury, which
is-- they found these
things in the mix, too.
But primarily aluminum, barium,
and strontium is being sprayed.
But we get lead and
mercury from our water.
So you eat cilantro, and
I have a recipe on my site
for Cilantro Chelation Pesto.
>>NOORY: So what
is your website?
>>SCHLOSS: It's thechembow.com.
That's T- H- E- C- H- E- M as
in man, B as in boy, O-W.com.
>>NOORY: Thechembow.com.
>>SCHLOSS: It's like
a chemical rainbow.
We see those on spray days.
As I was leaving LAX to
come here, I looked outside
and I saw loads
of geoengineering
over the ocean, which stopped
abruptly at Los Angeles,
because we have thousands
of these in the city.
>>NOORY: Is that what's
pushing back, do you think?
>>SCHLOSS: It just
transmutes it.
It doesn't allow it to come in,
and it transmutes what's here.
So I saw the geoengineering
coming in, stopping at LA,
because we haven't got
out to the ocean yet.
We're going to drop tons
of this in the ocean.
But it stops at LA,
and I looked out there
and I saw a little
chembow in the sky.
Have you seen these-- they
call them fire rainbows
in the mainstream news, because
people are a little scared,
and they say, what is
this thing in the sky?
And so they made
up a name for it.
But it's a chembow, caused by
the light hitting the chemical
nanoparticulates.
>>NOORY: Well, I for one,
am not the kind of person
to look at the sky, see these
chemtrail patterns, and say,
I'm not going out.
I'll still do my thing.
Is that smart or not?
Should I say in?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, if
you have to go out,
I have a few more chelating
agents you can use,
because this is
actually very important.
You sometimes have to go out.
So you're going to
take the stuff in.
I try to stay in when
they're spraying,
but inevitably
you'll be out there.
So a few more things to
add to the supplement list,
very important ones, actually.
Chlorella.
I take a ton of it.
>>NOORY: It's a good filter.
>>SCHLOSS: It's great, and
I take it on the spray days.
I take it in the
morning every day.
On s pray day, I'll take it
in the afternoon and evening
as well.
And the other thing is,
get into using zeolite
as just a maintenance.
I use zeolite as a detox.
I took the detox
dose for a week,
and I felt horrible
all week while it
was removing all this backed up
heavy metal out of my system.
But zeolite, I now take a
maintenance dose every day.
And this keeps you
clean from heavy metals
because it's a negatively
charged mineral
that collects positively
charged heavy metals,
and you can pass them through.
So inevitably you're going to
have to go out on spray days.
When you do, take
extra precaution,
take extra supplements.
And be aware of it, and
make sure you're eating
plenty of foods with potassium.
>>NOORY: That's smart.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah, you just
have to be aware of it.
>>NOORY: And have you
seen a difference?
Because in the beginning,
before you did this,
thse chemtrails affected you.
>>SCHLOSS: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: What about now?
>>SCHLOSS: I am so much
healthier now than I've ever
been, and it's wonderful,
because I've discovered
these healing agents.
But also, learning
about chemtrails
has led me towards other things.
And so I also eat a
healthier diet now and keep
my immune system very
strong with fresh fruits
and vegetables, organic food.
But I actually am better
off now than I was before.
And I don't get
sick like I used to.
If it's a very heavy spray day,
I still will have symptoms.
So I'll take an Epsom salt
bath, too, on those days.
I highly recommend that.
And usually after that, I'm
back to my normal self again.
So yeah, I'm not as
debilitated anymore by this.
>>NOORY: Sharon,
electromagnetic frequencies
are bombarding us all the time.
Will this help?
>>SCHLOSS: It does.
It helps very much.
Having these in your
home, it neutralizes it.
So it's still there.
It's still coming through.
But we at least
quiet the waves so
that they are less
harmful to us,
so that they're less
carcinogenic, because our body
is not being-- when
we're bombarded
with EMF, that causes
a miscommunication
between our cells.
That's what leads to cancer.
But if we can neutralize it
and have it pass through us
quieter, we reduce that risk,
and we also feel better.
We rest better.
We can meditate and
relax more easily.
But I also think
it's very important
to remove these
devices from the home,
because we're still being
bombarded with it from outside,
so the more of it you can
get rid, the better you are.
The better off you are.
If you have a smart
meter on your home,
this is constantly emitting--
>>NOORY: And many
homes are getting them.
>>SCHLOSS: They are
putting them everywhere.
You need to opt out.
If you have that opportunity,
and your power company says,
we're going to put
this on your house,
opt out, even if it costs money.
It's worth it, because
those things disrupts sleep
and they cause cancer.
And there have been no studies
done to prove they're safe.
So they're going ahead
with this although there's
no studies to prove it's safe.
Also, I recommend highly
that people get rid
of their wireless Internet.
It's very convenient and nice.
The wires are annoying.
>>NOORY: But I love
my wireless Internet.
>>SCHLOSS: I know.
It's so convenient.
I never thought I
could live without it.
>>NOORY: I beam it
to my flat screen TV.
It's everywhere.
>>SCHLOSS: And these things,
what we're talking about,
what comes out of the TV, what
comes out of the Internet,
this is what Wilhelm Reich
called deadly orgone radiation,
which is to contrast with the
healthy life-giving energy
that this puts out.
So we actually are
beating ourselves
in what's deadly
radiation, contrary to how
our bodies work.
And yes, it's nice.
I don't have a
television anymore.
I don't use wireless Internet.
>>NOORY: I hope
you have a radio.
>>SCHLOSS: I have a radio.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>SCHLOSS: We use an AM radio
to listen to the Kings games.
>>NOORY: And to my show.
>>SCHLOSS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Thank you.
>>SCHLOSS: And so we
have an AM radio set up,
and that's all we listen to on
the radio is actually-- yes,
talk radio and sports.
And it's funny, because we'd
set that up because we couldn't
live without the AM radio.
But that's what we have.
We don't have a television.
>>NOORY: Because?
>>SCHLOSS: Because,
one, I don't need
to be programmed,
because I don't
need the programming
of the television.
>>NOORY: Don't you want to
watch a movie once in awhile?
>>SCHLOSS: I watch
it on the computer.
And the computer, yeah,
it does emit something,
but it's less--
according to James DeMeo,
a laptop computer,
actually, is less dangerous
than a lot of these devices.
So I plug directly
into the Internet.
I do actually check
out a lot of coast
to coast stuff on
YouTube, though.
I'm always a sort of
after the fact person.
I listen to most of
my stuff on YouTube.
>>NOORY: What do you say,
Sharon, to people who say,
you're being over paranoid.
Come on, these things
aren't happening to us.
>>SCHLOSS: Well, you
know, a lot of people
don't want to think
about this stuff.
But I feel bad for people who
don't want to think about it,
because their health
is being affected,
and they may or may not know it.
But we've accepted feeling
terrible as the new normal,
and it shouldn't be that way.
>>NOORY: People should upgrade.
>>SCHLOSS: Well, we can.
We need to look at
what we're taking in.
what we're eating.
We need to look at
what we're breathing
and the water we drink.
But to some people, it's
just too much to think about.
But if you don't think about it,
you know, what kind of a life
are you living?
So I do encourage people to
think more about their health.
But I also see the denial of it.
And people just accept
they just feel bad
and they'll go take
a pill for that.
>>NOORY: If you
had a magic wand,
how would you wave that over the
planet, and what would it do?
>>SCHLOSS: My magic wand.
This is my magic wand,
and I'm waving it
over the planet,
and-- all of this,
actually-- we're
transforming things
using orgonite, because not only
does it clean the atmosphere
and bring things
back into balance.
But actually, this energy,
by quieting all that EMF,
allows humanity to
find themselves again,
because we're quieting
all the noise that
has been kind of suppressing
our consciousness.
We're unable to think
straight when we're bombarded
with these dangerous energies.
And by transmuting that and
removing that influence,
people all of a sudden can
think clearly and see clearly.
So I've actually seen
neighborhoods change
in Hollywood, where
we were living.
It was just chaos
over there, so noisy.
We started doing this, and
a lot of the crazy people
started acting less crazy.
It became quiet.
We had nice quiet nights
where we could sleep.
It didn't even sound
like Los Angeles anymore.
>>NOORY: Those are
pleasant moments.
What do you tell people who want
to change, who want to learn,
who want to fight back, and
they just don't know what to do?
>>SCHLOSS: Well, I
think that you just have
to take it one step at a time.
And there are a lot of
resources online that help.
I would say for people
who don't want to do,
start with what you eat.
Start with-- changing your
diet is a great first step
towards further awareness.
Get that junk food
out of your diet.
Start eating healthy
and exercising.
And once you do
that, I would say,
get that fluoride
out of your water.
Get those heavy metals
Think about where
your water comes from.
So I would say begin by
taking care of your health,
and making time to meditate
and relax and clear your mind.
Those are great first steps.
Having energy tools
around like this is great.
It's a lot for some
people to understand,
because we're talking
about invisible phenomenon.
But I'd say start
with your health.
It's not out of your
control to make a change.
We have the ability to
decide what we take in.
And also, decide what you
take in mentally, too.
Don't just look at any
old TV show that's on.
Don't watch the commercials.
Look for something that
stimulates your mind, that
gives you new information.
>>NOORY: An education.
>>SCHLOSS: Yeah.
Start thinking about things.
And that's why we do this.
It clears out a lot of that
junk, a lot of that EMF,
so that people can use their
minds more effectively.
>>NOORY: Are you finding,
Sharon, that more people
are beginning to tune in, to
listen to people like you?
>>SCHLOSS: Every day.
Every day there's
somebody new listening.
And it's very, very encouraging.
I think the human
race is evolving.
We're awakening.
And the powers that be do
not want us to wake up.
They like things just
the way they are.
And many people are content with
things just the way they are.
But the fact is, we're moving
on to a better way of being.
We're moving on to
a world without war
where we are cooperative
and we help each other,
because human nature is
cooperative and loving and
compassionate.
We're not warlike.
We want to help each other.
We're not greedy.
These are not our nature.
We're being influenced
by something
from outside, outside
influences that are not us.
It's psychopathic.
>>NOORY: We need
to keep fighting.
>>SCHLOSS: We do.
We need to come
back to ourselves,
discover who we are
again as human beings,
and move to a higher level
of thinking and awareness.
It's not just a new age thing.
We actually are capable
of so much more.
>>NOORY: We are.
Sharon, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>SCHLOSS: Thank you very much.
>>NOORY: It's been a delight.
>>SCHLOSS: It's wonderful.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: Great information.
I hope you can use
this information
around your own home in
the city that you're in.
And just look to the skies,
and if you see the chemtrails,
just remember some of the things
that Sharon told you today
on "Beyond Belief."
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]